You are watching and listening to the
electronic inifatada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
of Israel's genocide in Gaza, day 48 of
the USIsraeli war against Iran, and day
45 of Hezbollah's defense uh of South
Lebanon. Let's take a look first at the
Straight of Hormuz, and then we'll get
to Hezbollah's combat videos shortly.
Just a a new view here for the Straight
of Hormuz. obviously the center of the
uh world economy right now uh hanging on
by a thread. The International Monetary
Fund said there would be a global
recession. They described it as the
biggest supply disruption in world
history. Uh and we're only just
beginning it. Um there's a good shot on
the screen there of the area in
question. And it also shows the depths
uh of the water and just how shallow the
straight is. um how shallow the Gulf is.
Um and at this current point, the
blockade went into effect, the US
blockade went into effect uh on Sunday.
Um ironically, just before um the
American blockade went into effect, more
ships had exited the Gulf than at any
point since the war had begun. Um and so
the US blockade um is attempting to
snuff that out uh at the expense of the
world's oil uh gas um and then all the
derivatives that come from those uh
petroleum products that are all
basically made in the Gulf that you see
there. Bahrain, Qatar, the UAE, uh
Kuwait, and of course Saudi Arabia. And
the US is talking about interdicting
ships. That's the way that they're
planning to do it. And they talked about
some of that happening in Iranian
waters. We'll see about that. They have
not been coming anywhere near Iranian
waters. Um partially because of um
something Trump admitted to the other
day that more than 110 missiles and
drones were fired at the USS Abraham
Lincoln aircraft carrier uh which keeps
it more than a thousand kilometers um
from Iran in the Arabian Sea. Um there
is a second uh there's a third aircraft
carrier. The second aircraft carrier the
um USS Gerald Ford is in dry dock in
Europe and the um George HW Bush is on
route. We'll get to that in a moment.
But this is Iran uh flexing a capability
that they have always had but they have
not used um to control the straight of
Hormuz which overwhelmingly runs through
Iranian waters. And as Iran has said,
there are wartime conditions in that
strait ma namely the enemies that are
attacking Iran um are not going to be
able to travel. And because of that,
there's more than 3,200
ships stuck in uh the Gulf right now. We
can look at the next slide. You can see
the blockade. Um you can see the ships
stacked up on either side. Those are the
ships that are waiting to cross. The red
ships are waiting to cross. Um, but the
ships that are just stuck in the Gulf
are not uh lit up in this map from
Maritime Tracker. Um, as I said, 3,200
ships, that was as of March 18th, and we
know that only a small trickle have
gotten out uh since then. Um we hear a
lot about 20% of the oil, 20% of the
natural gas, but um it's significant
what uh derivatives um are also go
through the straight including um
helium, sulfur um and those are key. The
helium supply is key in um medical um
machines and a lot of chip making. Um
these are core um products that the
world uses that are being broken in the
supply chain. Um and also some of the
largest uh ports like the port in the
UAE which is um the Jebel Ali port is
one of the busiest container terminals
in the world. They are effectively shut
down. So the blockade that Trump has put
in place, the people that it stands to
hurt the most are the Gulf countries,
the Gulf allies of the United States,
so-called allies who have been uh
definitely gotten short shrift in this
uh war as allies. Um, of course, they've
been uh hit pretty hard. Um, and Iran
threatens to hit their actual
infrastructure um if this war escalates.
Um, so that map gives you a good sense.
Let's take a look at the traffic scheme
because this is the way that Iran has um
um asserted control over the strait. So
the restricted area that they have
created um just off the coast of Oman
there and the uh inbound and outbound
traffic is passing through Iranian water
in between Keshum Island and Larak
Island. um you can see there and then
outgoing traffic is on the um southern
side of Larak Island as well. So they
have moved the um shipping corridors
that were through that area uh into
Iranian waters. Um and you can see it's
such a small amount of space, but also
this map shows the depth of the water
and you can see how quickly along the
shorelines um the water it's too shallow
water for um for major ships. Um and so
um this is a significant development and
it's very difficult to see how what the
circumstances would be for Iran to give
up this asset, this capability that is
it has asserted over the strait after um
decades of sanctions have crippled um
growth in the country and forced it to
be completely essentially
self-sufficient. Um, but also the key
ships that are getting the oil from Iran
are Chinese vessels. So, are the
Americans planning on stopping Chinese
vessels uh in the open water? So, that's
uh obviously a major escalation should
it happen? Um, it's very difficult to
tell by the Americans u what's bluster
and what's not because a lot of it is
bluster. Um, let's take a look at the
next uh map because you can see the
overlay of the straight. There's Iranian
territorial waters. You can see those
two um green lines there are the inbound
and outbound. Previously, we're looking
at a map here of the straight zoomed in
um with Iranian territorial waters being
shown here. Um and Iran and Oman's
territorial waters overlap, but also
anywhere through that straight, you are
right up against uh Iranian shoreline.
And Trump has made a big uh thing about
destroying the Iranian Navy because he
has no concept of what the Iranian Navy
actually is. Um sinking uh 70-year-old
vessels that are tied up on the docks
did not destroy Iran's Navy. Iran's Navy
is a a fleet of thousands of fast boats.
Um there are missile um missile-mounted
fastboats that can um shut down the
straight in minutes with uh swarms uh on
the warships that carry anti-ship cruise
um and anti-ship uh ballistic missiles.
Um and so the uh that's the part of the
navy that we haven't seen. It's the part
of the navy that is um underground
largely in believed to be based on
Iranian television reports believed to
be embedded in um the sharp mountain
sides um the cliffsides along the
straight and of course the entire
Persian Gulf um the northern side of the
Persian Gulf is uh Iranian uh coastal
waters and the Iranian coast. So e any
way of the Americans handling this if
they're going to do it with escorts um
escorts are extremely cumbersome and
difficult to run and they only carry
five or six ships at a time um compared
to the 120 plus that normally uh
transited through this area on any given
day. And each day that the strait is
like this, it's going to take more than
a week to recover. And we're currently
on day 48. So, we're already talking
about if the war ended today, the strait
opened completely, there was a full um
you know, peace deal that allowed the
Gulf to function as it was, you're a
year away from fixing this. So, and
every day it gets worse as well along
that um along that vector. So um this is
really a global issue and Iran uh
flexing this capability uh using its
geography flexing its geography um is
something that we're going to be
watching um and people will be watching
in countries all over the world because
it's going to affect everybody
everything from fertilizer to jet fuel
and everything in between. Now let's
take a look at what um Iran has done on
the next map. You can see this is
overlaid. Salmer Kaglaniano overlaid
this uh map which I think is really
helpful. Um this is the the inset that
you see there is from the IGR IRGC Navy.
They released this um for mariners to
understand the um traffic scheme and you
can see it pretty clearly there going
between Kasham and Laric Islands um and
the area in the middle there there was a
there was threatened to be uh mines. I
don't think that it has been mined, but
the threat is enough to stop shipping
because the main thing that is stopping
shipping is insurance. Insurance
companies do not want to insure these
vessels uh under this um circumstance
right now. And we've seen that in the
Red Sea where they still don't sail
through the Red Sea even uh two years
removed from the um Ansurella threat in
the Red Sea. Um shipping has gone around
Africa since then. And so these are
long-term
uh impacts. The Americans say that
there's 10,000 soldiers, 100 plus
fighter jets and surveillance aircraft
uh over the strait guiding this. Not
sure that's going to help much. Um they
say there's between 12 and 15 warships.
Doesn't sound like enough for any kind
of serious blockade. Um but this US
blockade is obviously uh illegal. Um you
can't uh blockade and selectively allow
ships through. Um and that is what the
US is doing. Um let's look at the next
map here. We can see what the US has
done during the ceasefire and we can
know that the Iranians are doing the
same thing. This is C17 heavy cargo
plane traffic and this is a visual
representation from skyglass um that
shows the routes and you know we call it
uh uh figuratively a an airbridge of
weapons from the US to the Middle East.
Um but this map shows it as a bridge and
and I think that's a useful way to see
it. You can see from uh the continental
United States into bases in Europe um
particularly in the UK. You can see that
sharp uh drop in the UK um and then into
the Middle East. They're restocking
their weaponry that have been depleted.
And Iran is doing the same thing. We
could look at the next one is also a
similar view of uh the same thing. This
is more of a global view. And this is
just the C17s from the US to um to the
Middle East. It's not all flight. So
you're just looking at cargo ship uh
cargo uh aircraft the largest um cargo
aircraft in the world or second largest
I guess after the uh Russian one but 520
plus individual flights and that is the
bare minimum because many don't have
transponder traces for this traffic and
this is only as of earlier this week. So
the US is restocking but so is Iran.
Iran uses this time to um dig out
missile silos that were buried. The
Americans think that when they bury a
missile silo that it's gone, but it's
not because there's a blast door at the
end of the silo. You simply open the
blast door, you dig out the launch um
silo and you continue to feed those
various silos through railway tracks
underneath the ground and those are
completely uh unimpacted. So the time uh
is used by both militaries um to prepare
for the next stage of the battle. If we
look at number eight here, you can see
um the USS Bush uh sailing. You can see
it down at the bottom of Africa there.
SCA u going around the Cape of Good
Hope. Um there was a lot of talk about
that this was happening because the bush
might be afraid to travel through the
Red Sea. um which is possible although
the Ford traveled through the Suez and
into the Red Sea before it had its um
laundry fire in the Red Sea. Um but the
I think that the simple explanation is
that when those ships are in the Suez
Canal, they're completely trapped in the
canal. Um they could be attacked. Their
uh GPS transponders are on. They're
completely trackable. Whereas when
they're uh going overseas um they're
less so. They could also train when
they're on their way over to deploy. Um,
but still gives you a sense that they're
willing more willing to spend three
extra days um to get to the theater um
by traveling all the way around Africa,
which is what ships are doing now that
previously used to travel through um the
Suez and through the Red Sea. And you
can see that happening already with
tanker traffic. tanker traffic is moving
to the US to fill up with um US crude at
this point um right now. So there's some
uh belief that there's some benefit to
the US to this blockade, but it's uh not
true. It's not going to be at all true
and it's going to impact households all
across the world, what we're dealing
with right now and going forward. So the
US blockade um adds stupidity onto an
already idiotic war that they have
launched uh against Iran. Uh let's look
at the next slide here. You can see um I
wanted to show you this. These are the
uh this is also bare minimum because we
know that SenCom has been lying every
single day of this war um and hiding its
casualties, hiding its physical
casualties and hiding its hardware
casualties as well. But you could see
this from the uh the war zone. They put
together this graphic of lost um
acknowledged lost uh aircraft assets.
Dozens of Reaper drones. I think that's
um again a light number. Um but still
they're talking about uh you know $30
million drones times dozens lost. You
could see the four F uh F-15E Strike
Eagles. Three of them were shot down in
Kuwait by friendly fire and the one that
was shot down by Iranian air defenses uh
a couple weeks back, the uh the Awoks,
the advanced uh early warning and
command aircraft, the E G the E3G
centuries. And that second one, it says
it's damaged. We know that that one is
damaged. So, um two one was completely
destroyed and one at least one more
damaged on the runway. And then on the
right hand side, that's from the uh
so-called rescue operation where they
lost um two um cargo planes. They were
HC130 cargo planes. They lost a pair of
those. They lost four um of their little
birds and they lost an A-10 Warthog that
crash landed in Kuwait. And they also
lost two uh combat search and rescue
versions of Blackhawk attack
helicopters. And that shinook that you
see there I showed you on last week's
show. Just wanted to uh keep the tally
up about uh lost aircraft. We look on
the next slide here 9B. Um they also
lost um the Navy's uh MQ4 Triton, which
is a uh $240 million uh sea surveillance
drone. Um and one of only 20 that they
have. This went down on April the 9th.
um it crashed uh and lo its transponder
disappeared uh over the um over the
straight just uh just outside of the
straight in the Gulf uh of Oman. But uh
another significant loss for uh the US.
Um let's look at the next slide cuz the
uh KC135s were also on that. These are
the strategic air refueling planes. And
you can see this one pockm marked like
it got hit by um a shotgun. Um except
the shotgun was a ballistic missile
presumably. Um and that's shrapnel
hitting it from when it was on the
runway. This is one of 10 that were
lost. And this is uh we can go to the
next one because you can see it again on
these. These are taken by uh aviation
photographers that are in the UK that um
you know the hobbyists that are showing
this this these shots are by Andrew
McKel McKelvie uh who is an aviation
photographer and he got these shots.
These were um the planes that were uh
hit on the runway at uh the Prince
Sultan air base. So you can see they had
to patch it up and these are the ones
that are flying. So, um, we can count
probably, uh, how many don't arrive
back, uh, that were destroyed. Again,
we're going completely off SENCOM. All
the damage on US bases has all been kept
secret. Um, but that will all come out
there. It's impossible to keep that
secret. Um, with the number of soldiers
that are deployed, um, it's just I I
don't believe that they're going to be
able to hide these losses uh,
permanently, but we will, um, we will
follow it. So that is the situation in
the strait. Um let's move to Lebanon
where we are covering uh Israel's
invasion of South Lebanon. Again you are
watching and listening to the electronic
inifat. I am John Elmer and this is the
resistance report uh Lebanon version
here. Let's take a look at the map. We
have six currently six uh Israeli
military divisions participating in this
war that would match the invasion of
Gaza. But as I've been saying on this
show for um years now, the complement of
a full division is not happening in the
Israeli military because of the
reservists who don't report back. Um the
numbers are not full complements. So
they're not the same number of troops
that were in Gaza, but it is six
divisions and six divisions fighting for
48 days in Lebanon um have not been able
to move more than a few kilometers. Um
the main battle right now that is
happening in uh apparently there's a
ceasefire just before we went on air or
believe it when I see it. Um but uh
Bintage Bale in the south in the central
there um that you can see that is um a
long symbolic uh heart of the resistance
in after the Israelis drove after the
Israelis were driven out of South
Lebanon and literally ran away down the
hill in the year 2000. Um and Nasalla
gave a speech uh in the stadium in
Bintage Bale and he called uh the uh
Israelis a spiderweb. Um and that has
been stuck in the Israelis craw for a
generation. Um and they wanted to go
back in and take vintage bail. They have
been unable to do that uh at this point.
fierce resistance um casualties on the
Israeli side again u sketchy casualty
reporting from the Israelis but um
dozens uh are wounded a day um in these
battles face-to-face battles these
battles um the they take time because of
operational security in order to get the
videos out so we haven't seen videos
from the battle in Vintage Bale yet but
we will uh as the uh operational
security allows calls for it. Again,
Israel is carrying out um heinous
massacres in Lebanon, targeting
civilians. Um Norah talked about it um
uh and Raquaya Shamsadim talked about it
on our earlier report at the beginning
uh about the massacre on Black Wednesday
when more than 300 people were killed in
according to the Israeli Air Force a
60-second window of time. Um they're
killing paramedics um at a prodigious
rate like they did in Gaza. And not just
paramedics from one particular agency
being targeted, but all the different
paramedics agencies, including the Red
Cross, are being targeted. Last night,
um there was a quadruple tap uh massacre
of three sets of uh paramedics going to
um another massacre. Uh more than 90
paramedics have been killed. So even
with the uh assistance of five forward
bases that Israel established inside
Lebanon and six divisions all on the
ground fighting um there is no sign that
the Israelis are advancing beyond even
the first few kilometers from those uh
points and you can see where Bentage
Bale is uh on this map. It's near the
border. There's also heavy fighting up
in the top of the Galilee panhandle um
in the Hoola Valley um and that's where
the Israelis are trying to reach the
Latani River by um the shortest possible
distance and then they take pictures on
the Latani and say we made it to the
Latani. But you can look at this map and
see how far they are from actually doing
that um on the eve of the ceasefire
which apparently is a 10-day ceasefire
going into effect today. Um, all right.
Let's take a look at the first videos.
Again, there's a little bit of a delay
on these videos. So, we're looking at
videos uh right now from the um from the
fourth week of the battle in uh late
March. And again, these FPV firsterson
view drones where the pilot is um
viewing through the video and we can see
what the pilot sees. Um and you can see
this first operation here. This is in T
Bay. This is in the north of the just on
the other side of the Galilee panhandle.
And every one of these drone shots, you
could see the destruction in Lebanon,
which is Israel's primary military
objective. They said they want to turn
um South Lebanon into Bethan. But look
at the destruction there that you can
see. We're looking um I mean it's really
remarkable views and that's why these
FPV drones are so potent. There you can
see the Hummer coming up the hill. The
the pilot spots it, circles around here,
and he's going to meet him as he comes
up the road. Um remember that there's an
anti-tank uh warhead attached to these
drones. I broke these drones down last
week. So if you didn't catch last week's
show, you should go back and get it
because um go back and watch. You can
get that on the resistance report um
playlist on our YouTube channel. Um
because the Hezbollah build is brilliant
how they have done it. There you go.
direct hit on a Humvey with an anti-tank
missile. Um that is a devastating hit.
We can see the next uh video as well. Um
this is over on the coast number we're
on 14B
over on the coast north of Nura. Um this
operation came through uh on video
yesterday. Um you can see them marking
their positions here and you can see the
coast to the right. Um that is the
western coast. We're just north of
Nakura. Um, and this is in Alba.
Um, and the, uh, quadcopter here is
going to seek out a tank. There you see
it in the bottom right hand corner
encircled. And as these pilots get
better week in and week out, and there's
another tank and an uh, an Nom troop
carrier there that is identifying.
Previously, we had seen them dive right
down onto that target. Um, but the
development of the uh operations has
grown significantly just in the time
that we've been watching. Now, we're
watching that drone from a second
camera. And you see how at the bottom of
that drone, it's what it's carrying.
It's carrying an RPG warhead. Um, and so
it's essentially carrying this RPG
warhead right down onto the target. Um,
and the pilot sees through his uh
headset how to do that. And we're
watching it here from a second camera.
It's going to meet this tank and drop
right now uh out of the sky and hit this
tank. You can see the tank uh you can
see the strike on the tank there. And
then the tank is going to put up a smoke
screen right here in order to try to
hide its position thinking that it's a
one-off attack. But here we're going to
move to the tank killer teams using
anti-tank guided missile strikes.
Presumably this is a cornet strike
because we don't see um the onboard
camera that the Almas would have. But
there you're about to see um the
anti-tank missile hit that tank that was
attempting to cover itself. Uh another
direct hit. So this is a complex ambush
using FPV drones. This is civilian
footage showing from uh probably from Ty
from Seur um just up the coast um from
south of of there. And you can see um
once they get the Israeli troops moving
to these targeted vehicles now you're
going to see uh heavy rocket fire on the
position that they established. So
complex operations being executed across
all the fronts. This is one of the
fronts, the coastal front. Um there's
two Israeli divisions moving up the
coast here. Um and this operation is in
that area of operations.
Um that's a pretty significant strike.
Um we can go to the next one is another
FPV drone strike. This is now um on the
eastern um battlefront which is at the
top of the Galilee panhandle in where
Israel's uh Kirat Shimmona is and this
is a new Israeli base that they have
established um for these operations in
South Lebanon in uh again in a civilian
community as always. um using the
civilians um as a human shield and of
course then any kind of damage or
destruction in the town is considered um
targeting civilians. But we watch um
through these videos and if we didn't
have these videos we wouldn't be able to
prove these things that's showing the
Israeli settlement and the new position
there. Um these these drones can travel
tens of kilometers um you know at the
farthest reach maybe 30 uh plus
kilometers but um well within range um
in the 20 to 30 kilometers um and that's
why we see the distance traveled and I I
left these videos um for the whole
flight that they showed so you can see
them moving across the terrain. It gives
you a really good idea of what the
battle space is like, how challenging it
is. uh an area to fight in here. The
drone is coming down on the base. You
can see their cars. You can see the
Humvey. And if you look to the left,
you're going to see a soldier um just uh
off to the side there. There you see him
uh off to the side of this Humvey that
gets hit with an anti-tank missile,
which would destroy that Humvey. Uh
unclear about that soldier. Um so that's
another significant operation. Let's
look at 16. Uh oh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, let's look at 16. This is going to
be a pair of anti-tank guided missile
strikes. That was just going to repeat
in that previous video. Um, but I think
we got a good view of it. Um, there you
can see the soldiers using houses again,
occupying houses as soon as they come
across the border. There's the anti-tank
missile. You can watch it drop out of
the sky and hit directly on that Israeli
troop position. Um, this is southwest of
Bintage Bale. Um the Israelis are trying
to move up towards and surround Bintage
Bale. Um but they're in a fierce battle
uh with the resistance um in Bintage
Bale um to prevent that. Although that
is not the resistance strategy. Um
there's going to be a second anti-tank
strike here. The the video that we're
watching, we're watching smoke uh
billowing from the first target. Um, and
you're going to see uh movement of
troops for the evacuation of the wounded
here. The Israelis have claimed hundreds
of wounded. Um, but their casualty
counts are as sketchy as always. And
you're going to see a second strike here
uh on that same position. So complex
coordinated strikes all across the
battle space from the furthest western
point to the furthest eastern point in
uh in Lebanon in south Lebanon. Um and
Hezbollah is able to carry out these
operations. They use the red circle uh
in the way that Kasam used the uh red
triangle. So uh let's look at the next
one. We've got drone strikes on Israeli
troop positions. And this is how you
reach them. The Israelis um are being
reached by these drones, both the FPV
quadcopters that we're calling drones.
Um but these drones are um the fixed
wing drones, the SIAD 107s that they
fire. Um and they are they don't make as
much noise. They have an electric
propeller. Here we're watching the
fighters entering the location, the
targeting data. And again, it's GPS
targeting data. you can basically put
what window you want to put the drone
into. Um, and it can hit. We're going to
see here they're compressed air
launchers, which is also smart because
it leaves a lighter um, uh, heat
signature from the launches. So, these
fighters are we're looking at these
fighters um, completely shrouded uh, in
the um, foliage in the bush um, in
Lebanon here. um completely uh
concealing the launch and then uh aiming
them at their targets u that are miles
away. And that's the asset of these
drones that are built in Lebanon, built
by Hezbala. Um of course sharing Iranian
technology and insight, but built in uh
but built by Hezbollah. And you can see
that they even made the drones
camouflage. So when you're mounting the
drones, they hide within the trees. And
there you see um the strike there on an
Israeli position. Uh again, you can see
the evacuation of apparently wounded
troops uh which we're hearing about
dozens a day. Uh but we haven't gotten
full tallies in the same way that um
they hid those casualties during the war
in Gaza. Let's look a look at take a
look at number 18 here. This is a stitch
I made of a bunch of uh drone ops. um
here targeting an IDF barracks. You can
see they put it on a map handy for us so
we can see where they're targeting. And
again, look at just those two small
rails. Um it's easy to move, easy to put
into place. You can see the camouflage
there. They plug in the coordinates for
the strike and they launch with the air
compressor and these are actually pretty
safe operations to uh execute for the
fighters and it has made the drones a
significant part of this stage of the
battle. And again what I to repeat we
are a week behind um or or so in getting
the battle videos. So, these operations
are taking place when the Israelis are
at a distance um at a distance that
they're not reachable through um through
other weapons. They're being hit with
these drone strikes. And as this is
going on, I'll talk a little bit more
about this um towards the end, but
rocket attacks are happening constantly
during these operations. This is a
stitch of three separate operations that
targeted u two three IDF bases and
barracks uh in the north. Um and you can
see those operations are very difficult
to find the launch site of Hzbollah
carried out more than 230 drone
operations of this style uh in the first
month uh of the battle. So you know
you're seeing dozens of these a day. Um
and they will continue because they will
fire these drones on the rear guard um
of the Israelis which they do. They're
constantly firing rockets and drones at
the back positions of Israeli troops
that are mustering to come into uh into
Lebanon. So, it's really a multi- um a
multifaceted resistance that's happening
all across the territory and all across
the types of weapons um and units within
Hzbollah. Here you can see a night
launch. And again, that's the air
compressor. I've shown you guys lots of
drone launches at night where you see
the long red um tail of the uh rocket
boost. Um but the air compressor just
leaves that little bit of uh friction
that you see. Um it's more it's not a
flame so much as it is the friction of
the launch from the uh metal railings.
Um, so that's these are these are all
Hezbollah built this and they have
presumably um as many of them as they
need for this battle. Um, because we
didn't see them used that much in the
first um in the first major battle in 23
and 24. Although there were a couple of
uh very high-profile operations,
including putting two of these SID 107s
into the Golani Brigade base uh while
they were uh all mustering to go to
Lebanon um that killed and wounded
something like 60 Israeli soldiers in
that single attack.
So there's the uh there's the side 107
going out. And if we look at the next
slide, I just gave you a little freeze
frame so that you could see what it
looks like on its exit. And then now
let's watch in the next one. Watch it
arriving in Israel. And there it is uh
on the Israeli side shown by civilians
uh camera. This is going to be shot out
of the air by an Apache attack
helicopter. The helicopters chase them
all around. Um and we don't see a ton of
these getting shot out of the air. uh
they would for sure want everyone that
they do to be shown. Um and I think that
they're pretty rare. They they we saw
them in those previous videos. They have
a very small heat signature. They're
battery powered. Some of them have
wooden propellers. Um their radar
cross-section is very minimal and it's
very difficult to see them. We saw in
the first battle in 2024 that Israel had
people literally eyeballing them um on
the other side of the border. Their job
was to literally watch to see them
flying and then radio them in. And that
was again for Israel. That was civilians
doing that work uh for Israel that we
watched. I showed you guys a 60 minutes
clip of that um the way that the
civilians were integrated into the
military to do this kind of observation
of these drones um because they're very
difficult to find with the traditional
um military radars. Uh let's take a look
at this pretty remarkable operation
number 21 we're on now.
This is a Gdder anti-ship cruise missile
that was launched um two weeks back um
launched at the sea. It's a pretty
significant um weapon
that you'll see here.
I always Amen. Amen.
Maybe we can loop that one more time
without audio. And I can just uh point
out a couple of things in this. So this
is a pretty significant missile. This is
the first time we saw this uh in this
battle. Um this is an Iranian anti-ship
cruise missile. There you see Immad
McNeia who is the founder, the builder,
the architect of the Islamic resistance,
the military wing um who was
assassinated um in Syria back in 2008 I
believe. Um but his uh forces Haj Radwan
is his nickname and the Radwan forces
are named after him, the shock troops,
the um the most elite fighters in
Hezbollah who are fighting right now in
the south. Um so they're saluting to
Mugnia. They also dedicate this to
Nasra. Um there you can see uh Ham and
uh Nasra, Ali Ham, and then uh his son
along with uh Naim Kasum. um and they
saluted them with the launch of that
missile. So, a pretty significant
operation. Uh Hezbollah said in the
field report that they were tracking an
Israeli warship off the coast that was
carrying out offensive operations. Um
there was some talk at the time that it
may have been a British ship that was
targeted. But according to the field
report, they had been tracking that
vessel for hours before launching uh
this attack. And you can see um the way
here that they are canister launched.
Um, and Hezbollah has a number of these
and it's the reason why ships are not
off the coast and it's the reason why
the uh aircraft carriers that were
coming ostensibly to defend Israel had
to stay so far off the Israeli coast
that they actually weren't much use in
the um in the missile defense array
because their radars were set back too
far um because of missiles like this.
You can see the size of it there. Um,
and these are capabilities that Hzbala
has. Um, and they the writing on uh know
this next, let's go to the next one.
There you see it launch. It's a ski
seping missile. So, it flies just above
um the sea and it got it flies below
radar, most radar. Um, [snorts] and here
you see them launching a Pava cruise
missile. This is an Iranian cruise
missile and written on it says, "We will
never accept humiliation and our banner
will never fall. We're watching it here
be launched um from its rail launch."
And we saw these um I broke these down
during True Promise one and True Promise
2. The Iranians used these cruise
missiles in um uh staggered attacks with
ballistic missiles and with drones. Um
the cruise missiles are faster than
drones, slower than ballistic missiles,
and so they make a layered uh um a
layered attack that we haven't seen in
this round so much. Um but we definitely
saw it in the demonstration battles of
True Promise One and True Promise 2. So
this was an operation uh targeting
Israeli troops in the Galilee panhandle.
And again, we're still in late March
with these videos. We're getting them um
about a week to 10 days later again
because it's very difficult to get these
uh footages through South Lebanon. Um
but still every single day um on the
minute of the operations, there is
clearly command and control because the
field reports are filed within minutes
of the operations. The field reports go
all 24 hours around the clock. Um and
many days we're seeing 80 uh more than
70 up to 95 operations in a day. Um so a
remarkable tempo of operations still by
Hezbollah. Let's take a look at 23. Um
these are FATA class. Um that's Hifa
there they're showing you and an Israeli
uh position south of Hifa targeting the
industrial base. Um
uh this these are FATA um they're either
FATA 110s or FATA 360s. We didn't know
that Hzbollah had FATA 360s which are
smaller versions of FATA 110s. Um but
we're we have seemingly seen these uh
launched several times during the war um
that are by appearance uh FATA 360s.
They're shorter range. Um but the FATA
110s we have seen launched and the Fata
110s are what uh Iran has been using to
um batter the Gulf. So you can see the
launch of it there. Precisiong guided um
heavy warhead um you know real really
accurate missiles um that Hezbollah is
using here against uh an Israeli base
that is west of Hideera. You could see a
good shot of that missile there. So,
these are heavy um and precise missiles
and we've been seeing apparently no
shortage of these either. Hezbollah has
promised to fight an existential battle.
Naim Kasam, the secretary general, spoke
the other day and said that they're
willing to fight till their last breath.
Um and that their banner will never
fall. Um and so they're treating this as
an existential battle, which I think is
a an appropriate way to look at um the
fight when uh Israel is promising to
turn uh south Lebanon into Beth Hanoon,
which was the sort of um you know, the
centerpiece of the genocide. Um so yeah,
this does seem to be an existential
fight for Hezbollah and they have been
fighting this battle um very
significantly because we can remember
people We heard that Hezbollah was
defeated. Um, Israel said that because
they blew up some pagers and
assassinated um some senior generals and
um of course Nasallah that uh Hezbollah
was defeated. But we know watching this
program uh that we tracked the ground
battle in South Lebanon um right up to
the point of the ceasefire and and
Hezbollah was not defeated. They
repelled the ground invasion at that
time. Um, and they're doing it again
this time, uh, in even more significant
ways. Um, using even more of their
fighters. Let's look at 24. Um, because
one of the things that Israel,
um, so this is actually, sorry, I was
one ahead of myself. This is correct,
24. Um, they're, you're going to watch
uh, the Fowl one uh, heavy rockets be
here, the 60 kilo warhead. And again,
we're seeing that Hezbala military media
is giving cameras to the fighters um in
a way that we never saw before. So, we
see the setup um of these operations,
what goes into them, um how many men it
takes uh qualified fighters to execute
these operations. And this is a
pickupmounted uh fail uh phallic um
rocket launcher. So, you're seeing a uh
pickup truck that the fighters say have
no brakes. Um they're talking to each
other um as they're driving and he's
saying, "I don't want to be filmed." He
says, "Don't film me. Delete it." And
the other guy says to him, "What message
do you send?" And he says, "The
resistance is just fine." And we
remember back in 2024, uh Hezbollah
released a video when Israel said that
they had destroyed all of Israel's all
of Hezbollah's drones. Uh Hezbollah re
released a video showing a a bunker full
of like thousands of drones that said
our drones are just fine. Um so that's
what the fighter says here. And when
they park here, they say the truck has
no brakes, so they got to put a stone
behind it. There you see the fighter
putting the stone behind it. Um I guess
the parking brakes blown on this one,
but you see them raise the the launcher.
Um and you can see the fighters here.
Um, oftentimes we've been seeing the
fighters that are doing these uh,
manning the control, the launch
controllers um, have fingers missing
from the pager operations. I think
you'll see that in the next video. Um,
we've seen it in a few other videos as
well. And Hezbollah has wanted to show
those um because Israel thought that
that was the end of the war. if you blew
some hands off some fighters and killed
a bunch of children um with the pagers
um that Hezbollah would somehow
collapse. Let's look at the next one.
25. This is another one of these
remarkable uh fadi launchers here. We're
seeing in the underground that
preparation for it. Um, Israel said that
they have destroyed uh 200 uh launchers
and guaranteed they've counted this uh
FODI launcher multiple times because
when you see it uh it's in pretty rough
shape but they still are able to use it.
Um and so just puts further lie to
Israel's statistics of I mean I don't
know where they get these numbers anyway
but um you know they've been bragging
about number of barrels. So if a if a
multiple launch rocket system has 16
barrels, they're they're saying we took
out 16 rocket launchers, which is just
not a very accurate way of describing uh
your hits. And even still, when hit
these launchers, multiple launchers
here, you can see the fad launcher here.
Um watch when the truck comes around the
corner, you'll see that it's been hit
multiple times. Um the fighters say uh
they quote from uh the Quran a couple
times, "Permission to fight has been
given to those who are being fought." Um
this is a defensive war for Hezbollah.
We see them in the trucks. We never
we've never seen this before in their
videos. They were so tight about this
kind of stuff. Um but in this round
they've shown us this video and it's
just given us a remarkable ed uh edge
into understanding what goes into all
these operations, the um professionalism
of these different units that are
normally um we only see the rockets
being launched. Um we don't see the crew
behind it, but you can see um the way
that they camouflage their trucks. They
conceal the launchers using the u the
trees there. We'll get a shot before.
There's the fighters giving the uh
victory sign as we see their
personalities. All of this stuff is just
um it's just that's what happened.
There's a fighter with who had his
fingers blown off showing you them. He
wants you to see them as he carries out
uh these operations. And this is another
fatty launcher. The fatty is a heavy
warhead rocket. It has precisiong guided
capabilities that had been added onto
them by Hezbollah.
Um and these part these play a
significant part in attacking Israel's
uh industrial base but also its troops
behind um the backline um where they're
trying to muster to uh enter South
Lebanon. So that has been this has been
the resistance report for day 923
of Israel's genocide and day 45 of
Hezbollah's defense of South Lebanon.
Hey, hey, hey.